How to use file:

Edit or replace the pricingRules.txt file within the "Esendex Coding Challenge" folder 
in the sent file, use the format of "<item>,<unit price>,<number of items for special price>,<special price>" - 
without the use of "<" and ">".
To change what items are in the basket, run the program and follow the on-screen instructions.
After entering the items, a preview of the basket and its cost will be displayed. 
To close the program, press the enter key.

How I approached the problem:

For this programming challenge I have decided to use a more class and 
structure based approach, allowing for a more structured design which is easy 
to use and read. I have created an Items structure which will be used to hold information 
about each item's pricing rules and how many of the specified item are being purchased. I have also
created an Esendex_Coding_Challenge class containing the requested methods from the brief. 

I pass in the pricing rules document and split it into substring, these are then 
passed to a legalItems string and a new Items struct for the data to be saved
and used later. I have included the legalItems string to ensure that a character
that does not have a pricing rule associated with it cannot be put into the 
basket. I have also created a checkout information screen, allowing the user to see the 
breakdown of their complete purchase. 

I had originally planned to use run length encoding within the program to 
find the pricing for the checkout; however, this was halted when the test cases
showed that the items didn't have to be in alphabetic order. My next approach 
was to then sort the items into an alphabetic order, but I decided instead to increment 
a count unique to the item whenever it was passed into the basket. 

When creating the program, I realised that the pricing rules did not have to be hard-coded 
as they could be automatically placed into a struct within the code algebraically. Furthermore, 
the code is easily adaptable as new items can be added into the text file without having to
edit the code directly. Old pricing rules can also be easily changed, for instance, if a deal were to
end or the price of an item were to change.
